docs: redirect to the npm docs for latest release (#541)
libp2p/js-libp2p: README.md

We've come a long way, but this project is still in Alpha, lots of development is happening, API might change, beware of the Dragons 🐉..

> The documentation in the master branch may contain changes from pre-release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation in the master branch may contain changes from a pre-release.
```

> If you are looking for the documentation of the latest release, then [**head here**](https://www.npmjs.com/package/libp2p)

Reviewer: I think it would be good specify the destination in the link text to avoid confusion if people are reading the docs from npm. I also think it would be a good addition to mention the tag option from githubs branch selection as another option.

```suggestion
If you are looking for the documentation of the latest release, you can view the latest release on [**npm**](https://www.npmjs.com/package/libp2p), or select the tag in github that matches the version you are looking for.
```
